hello it's Ruby and in today's video I
wanted to share with you the studying
that I did from the 30th of the 31st of
October this isn't everything that I did
in that period I did a few more essays
than I show in this video but I still
thought it might be quite a fun video to
share with you to give it a fun twist I
am actually wearing my Hermione Granger
costume for the entirety of this video
and at the moment I am writing up some
flashcards for potions aka chemistry
[Music]
then here I am doing some practice
calculations for a rhythm on C and this
is again the chemistry since this is a
Halloween themed video I thought it
might be a bit more enjoyable to write
uncle
and Here I am writing up the script for
an assembly that I am giving at school
on anti-bullying Here I am doing an
essay for ancient runes aka English
[Music]
then for history of magic which is once
again English I decided to do some extra
research on Sylvia Plath because she's
one of my favorite poets and I was
looking through these newly found
journal entries and I'd already
annotated them but I just wrote up some
notes and my own thoughts on it
[Music]
and this is the next morning so
Halloween itself and I am once again
starting off by writing an ancient runes
essay which is once again English
[Music]
next Here I am writing an extension
muggle studies essay which is religious
studies
[Music]
[Applause]
for Halloween night I was actually going
round to my auntie and cousins house and
so I decided to make this cake to bring
round and it was a slime cake so it was
biscuit on the bottom and then green
custard slime in the middle
then Here I am back at my desk and I
believe that I am writing another muggle
studies as he here after this I did go
round to my auntie's so I wasn't able to
study anymore that evening however I
hope that used to Linda read this video
thank you for watching and have a
productive week